Update For October 17, 2016C
1.) Discuss with Rocky/Setup slack
2.) Search software that we can use in planning and timeframes
3.) Arrange timeline in goole docs spreedsheets
4.) install jing
5.) setup database in the server name (sendright) 
6.) Try Connect cpanel using windows command  
8.) setup files in the server (laravel5.3) live
10. upgrade php version to 5.6.25
9.) how to generate ssh key:   
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LwNQ35w2MA 
    - issue in connecting the server
10.) In place some informations.

Todo For October  18, 2016
1. Go through specific documentations
2. Gather requirements and data needed
3. Understand how each task works 
4. Setup wrike
5. I setup summary documentation of what I have please refer to this link https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EJca3eQpah66fO9yLXxDbHJl64SeQpNgo5ABw4vAiUE/edit?usp=sharing

Todo for Ocotober 19, 2016 
1. Continue the documentation 
2. Continue gather requirements
2. understand the system process and Create Data flow diagram 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4KsaaMoH8XDMFVvTmttZ3FJclU/view?usp=sharing
4. Understand system database structure and create entity relationship diagram
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4KsaaMoH8XDaERhejdfNVE2S1U/view?usp=sharing
 
Todo For October 20, 2016
1. Continue understanding the process 
2. Continue the documentation for data flow diagram and create explaination video
http://screencast.com/t/40M2GC707
3. Continue the documentation for entity relationship diagram and create explaination video
http://screencast.com/t/NlTARFaVy


Todo For October 21, 2016
1. Setup task in wrike
2. Setup github 
3. Setup bitucket
4. Setup local development
5. Setup editor
6. Prepare for coding..
 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Update for October 24, 2016
Create users table
Fix registration with confirmation page
Set send to email cofirmation page 
Forgot password 

Todo for October 25, 2016
Set confirm email
Add throtolling 
Checkout db seedings laravel 
Setup databae table for user, user_account and account
Add databse relationship
 
Todo for October 26, 2016
Get current account of a user
Add resources such as css, jquery, javascript, angularjs  
Enable to save the new contact to database
validation 
 - realtime check required for firstname 
 - realtime check required for lastname
 - realtime check required for email
 - realtime check valid for real emai




	Hi Rocky,  

	Update for October 26, 2016  
	Create contact view design
	Create pagination for contact view 
	Create limit for contact view pagination 
	Load all contact when contact page is visited or refreshed  
	Show contact order by latest added  

	Todo for October 27, 2016
	Enable user to search over all his contact  
	Add mouse over to the table list of the contact
	Overall test with current done task 
	Connect user account when register
 
	Todo for October 27, 2016
 	Add icon for delete
 	Add icon for edit
 	when hit delete icon asking if continue delete or not if yes then delete it in realtime 
 	   - for now delete only the contact
 	   - The thing is that this contact may have list and other feature of the site connected so this functionality has to be 
 	     improve to remove all of the connections. 

 	When hit edit redirect to a form that the use able to edit his contact and update it and if success then it should show a success message if failed of-course it's failed message. 
 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
	delete works in real time 
		
 	Hit idit icon
 	redirect to edit contact page
 	populate the content to the fields
 	populate dropdown for subscriber type
 	when hit  update button then update execute to the expecific contact
    same validation should work like adding new contact 

    in populate default values fix issue of not populating the contact type
 





	Update for Oct 31, 2016
 
	Delete specific contact and this mean that only 1 removed per deleted execution.
	When successfully deleted, contact will automatically disappear from the list with out any refresh of the page.
	When hit delete a popup should show asking "Are you sure to delete this contact?"
	Hit edit icon, redirect to edit contact page
 
	Todo for Nov 2, 2016 

	When page in edit contact, field should be populated specific contact info with currently editing contact
	Populate dropdown for subscriber type "subscriber or contact"
	When hit  update button then update execute to the expecific contact
	Same validation should work like adding new contact



	November 3, 2016
		create database of lists and contact lists 
		create ui for list views
		set dummy data 
		show lists of the specific user
		get total contact in specific list
		create ui for add new list  

	November 4, 2016  

	able to add new list

	when hit save, the fields should be added to lists and the selected contact should be added to the list_contact
	
	can add contact during adding new list

	fix the adding contact to a list that when hit next prev the selected checkbox should stay



	November 7, 2016  

	when a list already added user able to add contact to his existing list, this function is edit list

	when pagination selected contact will disappear and this has to fix, when pagination executed the already selected checkbox shouldn't 
	disapear



	filter the array from the variable of the selected contact

	view contact under list 

	add total contact sorting in the list

	November 8

	dont allow to submit if the fields required is not yet filled up, this will prevent use to keep them repeating the adding contact

	Edit list

	Update for November 7, 2016
	Set default checked box
	Retrieve default data
	Set default field values  
	When update the list contacts delete all the already added contact and just add the updated contact 
	Load data when document is ready 





	Update for November 8, 2016 
	Delete list specific list 
	When delete specific list then all the contacts under the list should be deleted 
	Add import contact in add new list - I need samply import file for this
		- enable user to upload .csv file 
		- system will read the new uploaded .csv file by the specific user

		Todo for November 9, 2016
		- get all the selected field and add to user contact if in the contact upload
		- get all the selected field and add to user contact and list if in the contact upload 
		- import csv file in contact field
	Review all the codes that has been done and doing checking code and fixes
	Start reviewing form



Update for November 10, 2016 
Check coding of the purchased product 
Familiarize purchased form builder how to integrate to site with laravel
Start integrating to send right application 
Fix database migration issue, conflict
create database migration form and form_list  

Todo for November 11, 2016
Continue explore and checking codes of software we bought
integrate form builder to our system
add migration table columns
add form home view
get all form by the specific users
analyse the automation mvp and started adding to wrike - i will still need to understand the workflow document you just sent.

Find the way that we can add new form when clicked the "save and create source file" button
   - create new form 
   - rename file with name-form_id
   - set edit link and
   - when hit "save and update" button form should be updated
   - set delete file link
 
Update for November 15, 2016
    Find the way that we can add new form when clicked the "save and create source file" button
    create new form and connect to database
    set edit link to the form 
    when hit "save and update" button form should update database 
    display the added form in form dashboard   
 
Update for Nover 16, 2016
    get all form by the specific users  - w
    Set view link  - w
    Delete form and delete files and data/delete form specific form  - w
    add form home view - w
    add sorting and query in home view with pagination - w

Update for Nover 17, 2016
    remove Email marketing integration - w
    save and publish -> w
    Drag and drop editor integration to our database and ui - w
    drag and drop editor integration   - w

Update for Nover 18, 2016 

	show thank you - w
 	add field for Url redirect - w
 	Enable embedded codes - w
 		- click save and publish content to embeded code should change
 		- add the link to the form for embeded code
 		- test after if it works 
 		- set default simple embedded iframe when form is in editing mode

 	Save subscriber entry to specific user database.table 

 	Enable autoresponse when people subscribed the form
 	  - the auto response is we will use template?

Update for November 18, 2016 
 	Opt-in Confirm 
    add view entry 
	Connect contact list
	save new entry data to our database -> that should be in the contact when customer signs up with the form

Update for November 21, 2016 


   
clear ui






November 16, 2016 
delete form specific form
set link to view form created
remove Email marketing integration
Url redirect, 
show thank you
save and publish 

 ----------------------------------------------------------

 Update for November 17, 2016
Connect contact list
   - create dopdown  ui that user will be able to search and select via dropdown 
   - retrieve specific list of  user
   - fix query to display the correct query string in dropdown
   - change ui to adopt the looks of the entire site
   - fix specific user retrieve his own list and able to select
   - add quick design 
continue Enable embedded codes

Todo for November 17, 2016

Move tasks in wrike to trello
save lists selected
set name to the form creation 
add form home view
add sorting and query in home view with pagination	
get all form by the specific users 
-------------------------------------------------------


add name of the form to the creation of form 
display the selected list
set email address of user current logged in as receiver of the form entry
after creation generate/creation of the form change "download source" to "go to home"
fix issue in header 
-------------------------------------------





Update fro November 21, 2016 
1. working with trello
2. fix the ui and redirects 
3. attempt to change the default textfeild and textarea to firstname, email and submit button only - got issue need to ask in support product team
 
Todo for November 22, 2016 
1. When users subscriber will register the form users info should be saved to database as a backup details and 
can be used to form entries 
2. When users subscriber will register the form users info should be copied to contact table so that it will be 
3. auto saved to their contact   
4. detect if the form is updated or new  
5. post question to form builder form support 
5. change background of the form created

 
Update for November 23, 2016 

1. add view entries
   - set view contacts to correct contact details url
   - display all contact added to the form list   
   - make the contact view under list-contact
   - show total entries in a form
3. edit form   - we may have to update this in the future,
4. delete form
5. put some comments in the functions 
6. set default value when signup in a form 
7. customize the form and hide the fields that we don't need
 

Update for November 24, 2016  
Change links, redirects  
fix when first load form need to show the form builder directly 
Add menu as default values in database form builder
Check and test forms
Finalize our form for mvp, clean codes   

campaign
Create campaign migration and database
Create data faker entries 

Todo for November 25, 2016
discuss to buy product for email/campaign bulder
create campaign home page 
setup view for campaign name 
setup view for select campaign list
setup view for select template   

Todo for November 28, 2016
setup view to select type of view
integrate purchased product, email/campaign builder
setup summary view for the campaign
delete campaign
 
check email builder, new purchased product.
setup email builder files and database
fix upload image
set only get media that is uploaded by the specific user 
add save and replace existing
set application logged in based on the authenticated user
remove demo users in the top header
fix preview
fix export 
fix send to dynamic email 
add send to list together with dynamic email send
save and next
after save and next view setttings
 



  
2. add settings of the form that user can change it. 

November 25, 2016 
search and get email builder product 
test product
check email builder, new purchased product.
setup email builder files and database
fix upload image 
view campaign home page
integrate laravel functions to product

November 28, 2016 
integrate purchased product, email/campaign builder 
 
Will make a video in the weekends


Update for November 28, 2016
- add campaign home view
- add create new campaign redirect
- set campaign purchased to login  
- set disable index with csrf validation, this will be used in the extensions codes/plugins  
- save campaign to send right database, when new campaign created
- put validation in connect list and create campaign name 
 
Todo for November 29, 2016
- put validation in create sender
- put next button at top menu in compose campaign and set ajax send composed content to save in session and redirect to new page settings
- create ui in settings
- dispaly sender email, subject, name
- allow preview  campaign title and campaign content
- choose type schedule or direct send
- send test email




Update for December 1, 2016
set edit link and redirect when hit edit icon in campaign
make edit save works
delete campaign together withe other related tables
delete campaign
edit campaign
add save and replace existing
when upload new media needs to save to a specific user in the database
set only get media that is uploaded by the specific user
when browse media need to validate and retrieve all the media details in database and show in ui


Todo for December 2, 2016
set list search can select multiple
when edit and click edit icon for campaign panel this should redirect to adding campaign name,list and template area
when edit and hit icon edit in sender panel then it should redirect to sender area and allow to change it.ut
hit save edit campaign and sender needs to redirect back to campaign settings with sessions content
when edit campaign need to retrieve data from database to display in settings


Update for December 5, 2016
fix edit lists check only 2 instead 3
Check functions from creation, update and delete. 
Check proper save data to database
Check proper flow of campaign
Set default value when campaign is loaded in the settings
Fix compose campaign edit 
Fix compose campaign create

Report videos
http://screencast.com/t/yJx91xNc
I have short second video but i am having issue in uploading will send it to you when its 
successfully uploaded


Todo December 6, 2016
Check overall functions and see if found any issue and fix it
Start working on preview campaign
remove demo users in the top header
set only validation for campaign name with specific user
In the top header of the campaign should show the steps, so that when the user create a campaign then they will know what step they are currently in.


 


Update for Dec 5, 2016
1. allow preview tablet
2. add more email analytic
3. In the top header of the campaign should show the steps, so that when the user create a campaign then they will know what step they are currently in.
4. when edit it should prevent the validation title is exist already
5. set only validation for campaign name with specific user
6. set select date time schedule current date default

Todo for December 7, 2016 
1. Setup scheduler in my local for testing
2. Setup cronjobs in online server and tested if it works, so that will be ready when schedule campaign functions works. 
3. Setup send email for mailtrap and this is for testing while developing the campaign functions
4. Code the functions of the campaign to get the reach deadline schedule and setup arrays and contacts with email address 

Todo for December 8, 2016 
5. Setup and test mailable traits this is to be ready when campaign schedule works. 
6. Continue coding campaign schedule to get all address and prepare for send an email 
7. Sending email set to mailtrap for now but when we are live maybe we can use mailgun
8. Test campaign online with cronjobs functionality
 
 
 
Update December 8, 2016 
Setup and test mailable traits this is to be ready when campaign schedule works. 
Continue coding campaign schedule to get all address and prepare for send an email 
Sending email set to mailtrap for now but when we are live maybe we can use mailgun
Schedule send
schedule repeat send
When display in campaign home view it should show the next send of campaign and must be human readable date and time

Todo December 9, 2016
Direct send after finished
Test send
In adding campaign list only allow to proceed to next step if select a campaign 
In adding list only allow to proceed next if select a contact
Test campaign online with cronjobs functionality
Upload code to server
Update path for serever compatibility
Test email campaign in server 








Hi Rocky,  

Codes uploaded to the server now, we are able to send email, also schedule send works and direct send.  Below are the updates and todo by monday. 
Campaign has a lot of work than we expected as you can see the lists below and in trello.

Todo December 9, 2016 
 
Set sender, subject, sender name of the campaign
Direct send after finished
Test send
In adding campaign list only allow to proceed to next step if select a campaign 
In adding list only allow to proceed next if select a contact
Test campaign online with cronjobs functionality
Upload code to server
Update path for serever compatibility
Test email campaign in server 
change the hardcoded url in the pages
sending email issue with "Expected response code 354 but got code "550", with message "550 5.7.0 Requested action not taken: too many emails per second"

	December 12, 2016  
	if select send now change button "save" to send. in campaign settings - 20m - d 
	when upload to server not able to upload image campaign in online - 10m - d
	remove validation of exist in all the campaign name - 5m - d
	put total contact in lists during select list for campaign - 30m - d
	put view contact of the specific lists - change to edit list, redirect to list edit - 10m - d  
	add this function {{full_name}} in campaign creation in order to let the users select a contact info and when campaign sends then it should automatically populate the contact info - 1h 30m - d
	remove icons in the campaign footer - 10m - d
	display boxes draggable in home dashboard  - d 
	display activity, campaign, list, contact, forms boxes in the home

hit "send button" settings and after page loaded first save data to database and then start sending emails via ajax and show status. - onhold
maybe fix the campaign design, something there is need of change but this has to be checked first to confirm - onhold
connect to mailgun or aws but i think i prefer for now mailgun as laravel frameworks suggested - onhold
upload image in campaign need to add loading icon so that, uploading will be user friendly - onhold
  
Hi Rocky,

I moved some cards, in trello and here is the updates for today.

Update for December 13, 2016
set redirect url to sendiright.net/home
add view return for sendiright.net/home
Continue display basic preview in home for campaign,list,contact,forms
Add activity for contact, list, campaign, forms
If no content yet, display
Put activity for adding contact
Put activity for adding lists
put adding campaign
put adding form
add newsletter - removed

Todo for December 14, 2016

Fix ui for campaign and auto response 
Redirect to select campaign start if directly visited to connect campaign lists with error that says "need to select campaign type"  
create table  table  
create migration   
test adding campaing as newsletter 
insert new auto responder  
fix bug campaign not sending email when dont have a filter in the campaign compose like {{first_name}}
create new ui settings for auto responder 
send to new contact 
immediately or schedule same type with newsletter - repeat -> Auto Responder
  
Todo for December 15, 2016 
continue optin
fix edit campaign newsletter sender lists - d
fix edit campaign auto responder lists - d
campaign fix total contact not, counting correctly - p
edit campaign didn't set default active or not active
Edit auto response and newsletter update
Auto response schedule
create table for auto response
create relationship between auto response models
create migration for auto response and migrate
create sorting for auto response, newsletters campaign and default load is both newsletter and auto responder


December 19, 2016
add day or time interval send
add on day schedule
use template from campaign
calculate functionality when to send based on schedules.
Redirect to select campaign start if directly visited to connect campaign lists with error that says "need to select campaign type"
click sorting radio button should display loading in the bottom area
radio button should work in retrieving correct campaign when clicked
work with auto responder functionality

Todo December 20, 2016   
 create payment relationships 
 create payment testing data
 create payment migration 
 update account information in realtime
 able to display the status message after hit update
 validate if email exist or not, if exist then dont allow to update but if not exist then allow to update
 create routes for update user info  

Todo December 21, 2016  
Continue payment with ui and functions in sendright for now
After function in sendright we can start connecting to the api







============ADD THIS TO TRELLO============

list all the tasks that is need to do in the day
 Set default selected plan subscription
 when signup should auto create subscription plan and set as free 
 display message that current user is in free trial mode 
 fix warning if email is not confirmed, need to show globally 
  when sign up create activity 
  Disable other plans 
  Change wording to upgrade instead of signup
 Display the product details under plan cards 5min
 Set specific design in every subscription plan card 
  display information in profile page 
 display subscription plan in profile page
When trial ends and if the user still didn't pay then it should show a message above that says your trial period has expired please sign-up for a plan now. 



 
when signup to a plugin set upgrade button to unclickable
When they sign up for a plan remove the message display above about telling them for trial  
When they subscribed to a plan then it should display the billing cycle  
In account page, when typing a password for " change password fields " error showing automatically and this is advisable to hide it every 5 seconds/or something redo code in
order to avoid display html text showing in " change password fields " even the update was for profile information.
Set start and end time for trials it could be 1 month
Pay2go documentation https://www.pay2go.com/dw_files/info_api/gateway_creditcard_deauthorize_api_V1_0_1.pdf
Pay2go php coding https://github.com/jesus143/pay2go
Start rendering fields html for payment
 Receive the response from pay2go after processed
Set plan as subscribed and set cancel button is clickable to cancel subscription



work with installing, setup and debugging apis for pay2go and spgateway













update for December 23, 2016
user able to visit the billing page and see that they can subscribe to a card
system will validate if subscribed or not
when user clicked subscribed they will redirect to filling information and confirmation of payment
user will be redirect to third party tool name "spgateway" and there fill the credit card information and start validating
after the payment succeeded, we received the response and update our the user subscription and create invoice in our database
remove the message above the says "you are in trial period please subscribe"


update for December 27, 2016
Design thank you page -30min
Check the trial period cycle and when this will be expired - 30min - d - 30min
Don't allow user to subscribe again if they are currently in subscribed status -10min - d - 5min
Display payment cycle - 15min - d - 45min
If they currently subscribed, put something design to a card that's says "Current Plan" - 15min - 0min

Create cronjobs command to check subscriptions of the user if they reach the 1 month bill or not, if reach update subscription to payable again - 20min

fix display of error message in change password display status - 30min
if subscription status is 2 then show bronze free for 10 more days - 10min
make 1 button in profile as editable and redirect to account page - 5min

12:45pm

Update for December 28, 2016
review the view for mobile optin
create planning for mobile optin 
create database relationship 
create migration for campaign template and update tables for campaign to match the mobile optin function
add icon and clickable as option in create a campaign and when clicked mobile optin allow to add name and list and after hit next then will redirect to create campaign 
add popup settings for mobile optin in campaign creation
when hit save add loading in the button, that load only inside the button

Todo December 29, 2016
Continue with mobile optin


Update for December 29, 2016
1. create the mobile optin button settings as popup 
2. set the sendright email as default email of the user, in this way when subscriber send an email then sendright system can detect it and save it to sepcific lists that is assign list to the mobile optin 
3. add migration database table for campaign mobile optin
4. set to model as fillable fields and table column
5. separate mobile optin settings from autoresponse and newsletter's settings 
6. in campaign homepage added the sorting for mobile optin
7. in campaign homepage added the allow sort all including mobile optin with autoresponse and newsletter
8. add account settings field for sendright email and that is beeing used for mobile optin 

Todo December 30, 2016
9. allow update different path with optin and newsletter, autoresponse
10. allow edit mobile optin
11. when edit auto fill mobile optin settings in popup
12. add validation for mobile optin auto popup and if found an error disable from procceding to settings area
13. if camapign is mobile optin hide field dropdown and show a popup and if autoresponse or newsletter show dropdown for field but hide popup
14. allow update popup in ajax
15. Fix save or update in settings, current issue is no default values for mobile optin 
16. Fix display correct information in campaign homepage for mobile optin








Todo December 30, 2016 
1. allow update different path with optin and newsletter, autoresponse
2. allow edit mobile optin
3. when edit auto fill mobile optin settings in popup
4. add validation for mobile optin auto popup and if found an error disable from procceding to settings area
5. if camapign is mobile optin hide field dropdown and show a popup and if autoresponse or newsletter show dropdown for field but hide popup
6. allow update popup in ajax
7. Fix save or update in settings, current issue is no default values for mobile optin 
8. Fix display correct information in campaign homepage for mobile optin

Todo Jan 2, 2017
1. Fix display correct information in campaign homepage for mobile optin
2. when someone subscribed and send email, then filter sender email and name
3. after filter save to contact and add to specific list
4. campany email should end with senright.net
5. add autoforwarder email to server
6. add auto piping codes for email receiver
7. check delete for mobile optin.
 
Will upload and do video in the weekend, 
 
Thanks 

Best regards,
Jesus Erwin Suarez
 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sortable resources docs 
src: https://getuikit.com/docs/sortable.html


 
Jan 4, 2017
1. Fix auto create email in each campaign
2. check to email and get what is the account id  
3. get specific lists for this specific mobipe optin 
4. check if the contact is already added to the list
5. contact add or update to the specific list
6. get return 0 if result is empty for getting latest list id
7. set get first name and last name 
8. set campaign as email optin
9. after subscriber subscribed set email receiver as the title and start the query of the campaign id 
10. insert to list single or multiple list assign to the mobile optin
11. add helper file in the system
12. set display campaign title as email in compose of campaign page

Jan 5, 2017
1. get edit or just created title in compose of campaign page
2. remove admin route order
3. detect if campaign is inactive when subscribed to email optin 
5. add activities details for mobile email optin  
6. fix campaign home display for newsletter, auto response and mobile optin
7. fix issue when page is data is empty
8. check auto response and add form with auto response


Didn't found about catchable all email in amazon yet, so this can done later will research further later.
I just prepare the coding for mobile email optin and we will test this one after when we moved to other server or we will be able to work with 
catchable all email. 
 
Best regards,
Jesus Erwwin Suarez
 




Todo Jan 9, 2017

1. Fix server bugs like delete not working in online, auto response not saving in online. all of this working in my local
2. Refine all the design
3. Look for server that fit to our sendright needs
4. When we have the new server setup mobile optin and do testing
5. Test all the functions of the process and function



Update for Jan 9, 2017
review video sent web binary
create addons database and migration
create language database abd migration
allow to select language as default - language is need more details and can be completed when our design is done
set dummy data for language and addons
set database seeder for language and addons
change logo in the header
add popup when clicked mobile optin but not added to his account


Todo for Jan 10, 2016

Things that can be discussed and agree
design
payment
 
add account id and category in campaign template  


Update for Jan 12, 2017
add template preview for newsletter
add template preview for responder
add template preview for auto 
contact with support - support told us that the server is not yet ready.
dubgging with  popup but seems we have problem to identify who sent the optin because it has need an event and we cant send and include event when sending an email.
 
Todo for Jan 13, 2017
Continue with email optin


Update for Jan 13, 2017
Don't allow to update list when no selected contact for it
Set supper administrator and this account is have the access all content of the site
Change submit button in mobile optin popup during composition with "Update Settings"
In mobile optin change space to dash
In add type variable in edit campaign for Newsletter, Autoresponse and Mobile Optin
Update mobile optin settings accept url space to dash 
Hide create template for normal admin and member but show to supper admin
Add redirect before and after send the email optin 

Update for Jan 14, 2017

Wait for VPS to be live 
When VPS is live the setup wildcard email for *@sendright.net 
Start working with payment

Will do the video reporting in the weekends, thank you and have a good weekend ahead Rocky. 

Best regards,
Jesus Erwin Suarez


 
Jan 16, 2017
Setup the all catachable email 
get error when setup catcable and i contacted support about it
remove space from send to campaign as email to make it successfully matched with specific campaign account
debugging and doing testing 
turn piping accept the incoming email, name and campaign accepted to the system

Jan 17, 2017
need to add account id in the last part of the mobile optin campaign name, in this way we can identify who own the the specific mobile optin
fix specific campaign through the campaign id 
fix footer unsubscribe link redirect  
add filter the unsubscribe link  
add default design for un subscribe link    
delivery there is delivery attempt issue 
need to check why in my desktop email application is not found the campaign name when i optin it from there
continue debugging and testing 
change url in mobile optin view



Jan 18, 2017 
upload codes to server
Test with footer and mobile optin online
setup and assign default template for auto responder and newsletter
setup and assign default template for mobile optin only
start payment


Jan 24, 2017 
1. Allow spgateway work with template
2. Get persons information who order the product and this will be used to save in sendright
3. Allow http request register and create new account via thank you page from woocommerce purchased a product
4. In sendright create a  function that will create new account and will create other data for specific user
5. Allow plugin use template 
6. Allow assign specific template  




Payment is tricky and has a lot of things need to be done, 
Here is the update.

Jan 25, 2017
1. Detect if the product purchased is bundled with sendright, if its bundled with sendright then allow template redirect to sendright registration template and thank you.  
2. Hide other payment method in credit card, possible go to spgateway store 
3. Detect if no payment made and people visited that thank you page for sendright registration, if its true then redirect the page to specific page that say something error.  
4. Discuss about how thank you/Create thank you page and sendright user registration, do extra search of how ui works.
5. Test upload online and test if its working with iframe, member level and bundled product/ as how we can setup and test this part   
5.1 - iframe - working
5.3 - register member when order product - working 
5.2 - membership level - this can be done manual for now 

Jan 26, 2017  
1. Allow test purchased product locally work test both sendright product and not sendright product and test online too
2. Test with auto register when customer purchased a product both local and online 
3. Test with auto create wordpress user local and online
4. Discuss how we can trigger agreed credit card payment if member already done with credit card payment   
5. Ask if it cost 3usd in first payment and free trials for 3 months or they need to pay 1usd per month  
6. prepare, convert docs, install free woocomerece plugin for pay2go invoice
7. prepare, convert docs, start working with agreed payment way 

Update for Jan 27, 2017
1. Continue working with agreed credit card plugin 



4. Create invoice ui display - 1hr 
5. Create invoice design for email  and sent  -  1hr 



4. Create product that has a life span 1 month, 2months, 3months or even a trial period - 1h - 3:20
5. System detect if the payment will be expired in few days coming  - 30m - 3:50
6. System detect expiration of subscription coming soon, put a warning that say something like user need to pay to do additional subscription -  40m - 4:30



7. Put link the product to woocomerece for exntension of payment for sendright - 15m - 4:45
8. System detect the subscription if expired already, if so need to put a message above that say something the subscription is expired and need for payment to continue using the system. - 45m - 5:30
 
debug and fix order and pay via agreed payment way
make credit card field in after place order hit
make adding credit card info is dynamic from the user and order
when ordering working allow remove product in cart
Make the product status successfully paid in the order
Fix spgateway agreed payment way wordings and ui and icons
check how we can set redirect after successfully paid the agreed payment way withoud affecting credit card payment way





Hi Rocky,


Update for March 2, 2017

Update login ui
Update reset password ui
Update register ui
Make the width to full screen

Add table in cotacts but I am having roadblock to it because i am confused what table will be used I am thinking
normal datatable or server side data table or just manual but after checking all the possibilities of impact when
data is getting many i decided to use manual table using bootstrap, so i have to add functions like nex, pagination, sorting and other functions
of the table

Regarding timeframe, i have to agree and do my best for the timeframe as banker wanted to happen.
Will do my best to get those functions for this march.

Tomorrow continue with contact show total result and other ui design tomorrow

Thanks,

Best regards,
Jesus Erwin Suarez





Hi Rocky

Update for march 6, 2017

make filter status working in contact page
make filter by list working in contact page
Add pagination in contact page and functions
Allow search working

Currently having roadblocks in pagination because its showing some not correct issue when sorting

Tomorrow Todo continue contact ui and functions

Thanks,

Best regards,
Jesus Erwin Suarez
















I removed toogle because we have issue with that for now
I didn't code tag because currently we dont have tagging



Hi Rocky

Update for March 7, 2017

Try to fix pagination but still got an issue so i put it to on hold
Set import link to redirect to import page
Set add manaul link to redirect add new contact
Add toggle functions descending or ascending order
Work with list view ui
Add pagination with list view
Add search field with list view
Add button "add new list" redirect to adding new list

Todo tomorrow continue with list page ui and functions and other tasks

Thanks

Best regards,
Jesus Erwin Suarez